Update configuration options for the decryption provider (#300)
SteeltoeOSS/Documentation: api/v4/configuration/encryption-resolver.md

﻿# EncryptionResolver

The EncryptionResolver decrypts secrets generated by the ConfigServer encryption method. For more details on generating secrets
you should read the [Spring Cloud Config](https://docs.spring.io/spring-cloud-config/docs/current/reference/html/#_encryption_and_decryption)
documentation on encrypting and decrypting.

The two main use cases for the EncryptionResolver are:
- Decrypting encrypted secrects hosted by configserver
- Storing encrypted secrets in a git repository

The EncryptionResolver can be enabled as follows:
```csharp
builder.Host.ConfigureServices((context, services) => services.ConfigureEncryptionResolver(context.Configuration));
```

Any configuration property prefixed with 'cipher' will be decrypted with the provided key
```json
{
  "EncryptedSecret": "{cipher}23f97efe......"
}
```

To decrypt the secrets the configuration of the EncryptionResolver should match
the configuration of the encryption.

There are two types of encryption, symmetric and asymmetric.
For symmetric encryption a shared key is used to decrypt the secrets:
```json
{
  "Encrypt": {
    "Enabled": true,
    "Key": "12345678901234567890"
  }
}
```

> This shared key should not be part of any repository but should be passed in some other way to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>NOTE: This shared key should not be part of any repository but should be passed in some other way to
```

the application.

> For assymetric configuration the configuration should be as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For asymmetric encryption, the configuration should be as follows:
```

```json
{
  "Encrypt": {
    "Enabled": true,
    "KeyStore": {
      "Location": "path/to/keystore",
      "Password": "keystore_password",
      "Alias": "keyalias"
    }
  }
}
```

> This password and the keystore file should not be part of any repository but should be passed in some other way to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>NOTE: This password and the keystore file should not be part of any repository but should be passed in some other way to
```

the application.

> Below are all the configuration options of the EncryptionResolver.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following table describes the settings that you can apply to the EncryptionResolver:
```

| Key | Description | Default |
| --- | --- | --- |
| `Encrypt:Enabled` | Enable decryption of encrypted {cipher} properties | false |

> | `Encrypt:Rsa:Strong` | Flag to indicate that "strong" AES encryption should be used internally. If true then the GCM algorithm is applied to the AES encrypted bytes. Default is false (in which case "standard" CBC is used instead). | false |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `Encrypt:Rsa:Strong` |  When set to true, the "strong" GCM AES algorithm is used. When false, the standard CBC algorithm is used. | false |
```
